final presentations blog (#132)
open-life-science/open-life-science.github.io: _posts/2020-04-12-final-presentations-youre-all-invited.md

---
layout: post
title: Graduation and final presentations - you're all invited!
authors:
- yochannah
- malvikasharan
- bebatut

> image: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1560523159-6b681a1e1852?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjEyMDd9&auto=format&fit=crop&w=2100&q=80

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1560523159-6b681a1e1852?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjEyMDd9&auto=format&fit=crop&w=2100&q=80
photos:
  name: Product School
  url: https://unsplash.com/photos/ypZHyD1TqP0
```

Reviewer: Then you may not need the last line

Author: oh, didn't know this was a thing - thanks!

---

> It's been a long and exciting journey, from applications opening in October 2019, [announcing selected applicants in early January](https://openlifesci.org/posts/2020/01/13/ols1-announcement/), and kicking off [the program's first cohort call on the 29th of January](https://openlifesci.org/ols-1/week02/). Since then we've had an amazing range of guest speakers from around the world, sharing their expertise on topics in [the OLS syllabus](https://openlifesci.org/ols-1), as well as a variety of breakout and discussion sessions, interspersed with mentor calls every other week. We wrapped up our learning calls with [a cohort call on self care, ally skills, and careers](https://openlifesci.org/ols-1/week11/).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's been a long and exciting journey, from applications opening in October 2019, [announcing selected applicants in early January]({% link _posts/2020-01-13-ols1-announcement.md %}), and kicking off [the program's first cohort call on the 29th of January]({% link _ols-1/week02.md %}). Since then we've had an amazing range of guest speakers from around the world, sharing their expertise on topics in [the OLS syllabus]({% link ols-1.md %}), as well as a variety of breakout and discussion sessions, interspersed with mentor calls every other week. We wrapped up our learning calls with [a cohort call on self care, ally skills, and careers]({% link _ols-1/week11.md %}).  
```

Reviewer: In case we change the URL at some point

> While we'd originally planned to have a single final presentations call, with the additional stress and factors of a pandemic, we've added a second date as well. **Please feel free to come along and share with your network**. As a reminder, [here are the twenty projects run by our fabulous twenty-nine project leads](https://openlifesci.org/ols-1/projects-participants/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we'd originally planned to have a single final presentations call, with the additional stress and factors of a pandemic, we've added a second date as well. **Please feel free to come along and share with your network**. As a reminder, [here are the twenty projects run by our fabulous twenty-nine project leads]({% link _ols-1/projects-participants.md %}). 
```
